.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
13 Oct. 2007 program
====================

**Band**: *Notorious*

.. contents:: Dance index

Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s separate, com up outside to place, step between 2s,
           face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Timing for 1s to come up the outside and step between the 2s can
be tight for beginners.  A simpler alternative:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s take near hands, 
           promenade down center past 2 cpls,
           turn alone, return, turn to face N.
==== ===== ===

Notes:

1. Written for Fritz Barnes
2. Dance also works as an Irish reel (change the sashays to telescopes)

The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Into the center and back, 2×
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) Corner gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Those corners promenade
==== ===== ===

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt 1/2
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===

Petronella (Traditional) [Retrospective]
----------------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing up, W1 end facing dn,
           while 2s slide up to orig 1s position
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
..   \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt, end facing P
           with back to opposite-gender N
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
A2.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing dn, W1 end facing up
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
..   \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt, end facing P
           with back to same-gender N
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
B1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, ret, 
           cast off w/ same-gender N
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

I called this dance as a "retrospective", teaching and calling it
as above for the first 4 times through, and then the band stopped
playing and we brought the dance into the 1960s (the "citronella"
variant, where everybody gets to twirl):

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing up, W1 end facing dn,
           while 2s slide up to orig 1s position
..   \( 4) Everybody take hands in a diamond, bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
A2.  \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to rt
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
B1.  \(16) 2s spin one place to rt (back home), while
           1s dn center, turn alone, ret, cast off w/ same-gender N
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Notice the slight awkwardness of the 2s having to get out of the way.
After 6 more times through the dance the band changed to the tune *Green
Mountain Petronella*, and I called the more modern version:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s face dn, 2s face up, bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
A2.  \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (Grant Goodyear, 1999)
------------------------------------------

Becket (sawtooth), progressing CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey for 4
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 4) Long lines go forward,
           bring back P (give & take)
..   \(12) P sw
==== ===== ===

After the first time through the dance, circle in A1 is performed with
a new couple on a slight left diagonal (a "bucksaw" progression)

CDS Reel (Ted Sannella, Sept. 1984)
-----------------------------------

Improper

More common no-swing-to-swing version:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Whole set cir lf
..   \( 8) Whole set cir rt
B1.  \( 8) lf-hd star 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw (same N as in A1)
==== ===== ===

The original version switches order in A1.

[Break]

The next three dances were done as a no-walk-through medley.

Medley A -- Unknown Title (Called by Lisa Greenleaf, 9/97)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Medley B -- Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long linew fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) lf-hd star
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

Medley C -- Hey Fever (Tony Parkes, Dec. 1987)
----------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \(16) Hey
==== ===== ===

Money Musk (Traditional, 24-bar version)
----------------------------------------

Proper triple minor

==== ===== ===
A.   \( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 4) 1s dn outside below 1 to
           center of lines of 3 on sides
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
B.   \( 8) 1s almd rt 3/4 to lines of 3 across
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
..   \( 4) 1s almd rt 3/4 to proper lines on sides
C.   \(16) 1s & 2s rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1×, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2×)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental noted that this dance can be danced faster than
we did it, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called without a walkthrough.
