====================
10 Nov. 2007 program
====================

:Location: HATDS Holiday ball
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====


Three-dance medley
------------------

(a) Scout House Reel (Ted Sanella)
..................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, return, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

(b) Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
..............................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

(c) Dawn's Gypsy Dance (G2)
...........................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw, end facing across
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \(16) Hey, start W pass rt sh
==== ===== ===

Levi Jackson Rag (Pat Shaw)
---------------------------

5-cpl set, top cpl facing down (improper), other 4 cpls becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Sides rt & lf thru while 1s down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) Sides rt & lf back while 1s down center to bottom
A2.  \( 8) 1s separate, come up outside to top, while sides cir lf
..   \( 8) All P dsd
B1.  \(16) W grand chain (2x)
B2.  \(16) New P promenade 1 place, bal & sw
==== ===== ===

In the grand chain the women leave their gent, pass another gent,
and are courtesy turned by the next gent.  When this dance breaks
down, it's generally because the grand chain is danced snappy
enough.

Treasure of the Sierra Madre (James Hutson)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N rt-hd bal, box gnat
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \( 8) P bal, box gnat (puts W in center back-to-back)
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

