====================
12 Jan. 2008 program
====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Evil Genius*

.. contents:: Dance index

.. note::
   All dances were Becket dances

The Lakewood Six (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Hands across star lf
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) Left diag rt & lf thru
==== ===== ====

Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Arizona Becket (Bob Dalsemer, 1994)
-----------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) P dsd
A2.  \( 4) Shadows almd lf 1×
..   \(12) P sw
B1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 4) Pass thru across, turn rt to rt-hand star
..   \(12) Star rt 1 1/4 (to orig place), slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ===

Richfield Frenzy (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) Promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W pass rt sh to start 1/2 hey
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) left diag rt & lf thru
==== ===== ===

Salute to Larry Jennings, L.J. variant (Ted Sannella & L.J.)
------------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N dsd
A2.  \(16) Grand rt & lf along set
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Grand rt & lf: N rt, N2 lf, N3 rt, N4 lf almd, N3 rt, N2 lf,
  give rt hand to N.  The grand rt & lf bends around the ends.
* After 1st time through dance, A1 is on a slight left diagonal

There is no way to peace, peace is the way (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W dsd
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W almd rt 1 1/2
B2.  \( 8) W pick up P, star promenade 3/4
..   \( 8) Approaching (new) M take lf hands, star promenade 3/4,
           butterfly whirl
==== ===== ===

Beneficial Tradition (Dan Pearl)
--------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W almd lf to wavy line across, bal wave
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) N sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch to P
..   \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
B2.  \( 4) Jigsaw: N pull by lf hands (across), face back in
..   \( 4) same sex on rt diag: rt pull by, face back in
..   \( 4) opposite sex across, lf pull by, face back in
..   \( 4) same sex on rt diag: rt pull by, face back in
==== ===== ===

Star Trek (Mike Richardson)
---------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands across star rt
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) W pass rt sh, P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands across star rt, slide lf to new N cpl
==== ===== ===

Sarah said Yes! (G2, 14 Dec 2001)
---------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) straight across W ch
..   \( 8) rt & lf thru (across), end in ring
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2×)
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw, end facing new cpl
==== ===== ===

