====================
12 July 2008 program
====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Evil Genius*

.. contents:: Dance index

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====

Cabot School Mixer (Ted Sannella, 6 Mar 1981)
---------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) Into center & bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Corners almd rt, P almd lf
B1.  \( 8) Corners dsd
..   \( 8) Corners sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf 3/4".

Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long linew fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) lf-hd star
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2χ)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2χ)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Fidgety Feet (Mark Richardson)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2, give rt hd to P in wavy line across
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, slide rt, bal wave, slide lf (Rory O'More)
B1.  \(16) P almd rt 1/2, hey (M pass lf sh)
B2.  \(16) P sw
==== ===== ===

[break]

Forgotten Treasure (Beth Parkes / Mike Head)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

* Called w/o a walkthrough
* In published sources I've seen this dance ascribed to
  Beth Parkes, but Mike tells me that he authored this dance.

Ted's Tempest (Ted Sannella)
----------------------------

Double contra, tempest formation
(1s face dn, 2s face across, all w/ W on rt of P)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center (2s slide up slightly), turn as cpls, ret, face 2s
A2.  \(16) Rt & lf 8 (pass thru all the way across & bk, 
..   ..    CA tw when facing out)
B1.  \( 4) Finish rt & lf 8
..   \(12) N sw
B2.  \( 4) Hands 4, cir lf 1/2
..   \(12) P sw (end 1s face dn below 2s, 2s face across)
==== ===== ===

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw, end in ring
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade 2/4, M turn back
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

* I forgot to teach the balance in B2.  I think I actually like
  it better without it, although it makes the timing a little
  loose.

Hay for Poker (G2, 6 Aug 2006)
------------------------------

Improper, dbl prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) Hey, start W pass rt sh
B1.  \( 4) W pass rt sh to P
..   \(12) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Dip & dive (2s arch, 1s dive; 1s arch, 2s dive)
==== ===== ===

Written in honor of Sarah Goodyear's horse, Poker.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called w/o a walkthrough.

