.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

========================
22 November 2008 program
========================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Evil Genius*

.. contents:: Dance index

.. note:: 
   This dance started out with nearly 90% beginners,
   so this program was essentially generated on the fly.

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====

The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2χ
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) star lf
..   \( 8) new N dsd
==== ===== ===


Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2χ)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2χ)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Forgotten Treasure (Beth Parkes / Mike Head)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

* Called w/o a walkthrough
* In published sources I've seen this dance ascribed to
  Beth Parkes, but Mike tells me that he authored this dance.

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to original position)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

The Rendezvous (Dan Pearl, 1980)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 
..   \( 8) Slide lf to new cpl, cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===

Sarah said Yes! (G2, 14 Dec 2001)
---------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) straight across W ch
..   \( 8) rt & lf thru (across), end in ring
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2χ)
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw, end facing new cpl
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called w/o a walkthrough.

