.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
27 June 2009 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Kendall, Diehl, & Emilio*

.. contents:: Dance index


Emily & Jerry Tie the Knot (Erik Hoffman)
-----------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \( 4) Down hall 4-in-line
..   \( 8) Rt-hd high, lf-hd low(*)
..   \( 4) Ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) P Tie the knot (**)
..   \( 8) P sw, end 1s face dn, 2s face up
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf (same N)
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 2s arch, 1s duck to new N
==== ===== ====

(*) #2 gent & #1 lady make an arch, #1 lady walks fwd to bring arch across while #2 lady ducks through arch until all face back up.

(**) P use handy hand to box the gnat

Honeymoon (Becky Hill)
----------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) Star lf
B2.  \( 8) Star rt
..   \( 8) P slide lf 1 cpl, new N cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2x)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2x)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


British Sorrow (Trad, sometime well before 1807)
------------------------------------------------

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s down outside below 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s come up inside, cast around 2s
A2.  \( 8) 1s face dn, hands-across star rt w/ 3s
..   \( 8) 1s face up, hands-across star rt w/ 2s
B1.  \(16) Cir rt (all six)
B2.  \(16) 1s w/ 2s rt & lf thru over and back
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* Stars are purposeful, but cir & stars are unhurried
* In that time period, rt & lf done entirely w/o hands, akin to circular hey

(break)

Dublin Bound (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) Promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \(16) W pass rt sh, P sw
B1.  \( 4) Pass thru, u-turn back
..   \(12) Cir lf 1 1/4
B2.  \(16) N bal, box gnat, sw
==== ===== ===

Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Symmetrical Force (Fred Field)
------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s split 2s in mirror dsd
..   \( 8) 1s handy-hd almd 2s 2x
A2.  \(16) 1s sw
B1.  \( 4) 4-in-line dn hall
..   \( 4) cozy line (1s turn butt-to-butt under joined hands)
..   \( 4) ret
..   \( 4) 1s back up (ducking under 2s) to a clover
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 2s arch, pull 1s thru, 1s unwind, 2s arch, shoot 1s thru
==== ===== ===

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental noted that this dance can be danced faster than
we did it, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

The Rendezvous (Dan Pearl, 1980)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 
..   \( 8) Slide lf to new cpl, cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
