=====================
28 March 2009 program
=====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index


Ashokan Hello (Tony Parkes, Aug. 1992)
--------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \( 8) P bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 2s arch/1s duck through
==== ===== ====

Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===

Good Friday (Kirsten Koths, Mar. 1988)
--------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in center

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, slide rt (Rory O'More)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, slide lf
A2.  \( 4) N almd rt 1/2
..   \( 4) M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves
==== ===== ===


Centrifugal Hey (Gene Hubert)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \(16) Hey (partners pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf across
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ====


Heartbeat contra (Don Flaherty)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella tw (2x)
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) W gypsy 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal, CA tw
==== ===== ===

Chorus Jig (Traditional)
------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, ret, meet P in center
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, ret, cast off w/ 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw
==== ===== ====

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

(break)

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

The Reunion (Gene Hubert, 1 Apr. 1984)
--------------------------------------

Becket, dbl prog, even number of cpls

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lf diag W ch
..   \( 8) W chain across (to shadow)
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4
==== ===== ===

In Alice's kitchen you may eat dessert first (Chris Kelly)
----------------------------------------------------------

Indecent (both cpls switch)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay
A2.  \(16) Bal ring, Pet tw (2x)
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) P bal, 1s sw while 2s trade sides
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
