.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
6 Mar. 2010 program
====================

:Location: College Station
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====


The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2x
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===


Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====


Corner Triplet (Linda Leslie, 1991)
-----------------------------------

Proper triplet, ends (2, 3, 1)


==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, rt, cast off
A2.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw; end facing up
B2.  \( 8) 1s up center to top, separate to bottom
..   \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
==== ===== ===


Monica's Joy (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 8) Almd rt 1/2, men almd lf 1x
A2.  \(16) Hey (N pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===


Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2x)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2x)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


(break)


The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


The Reunion (Gene Hubert)
-------------------------

Becket, double progression

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lf-diag W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across W ch (to shadow)
A2.  \(16) Hey 
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass through
..   \( 8) w/ new N cir rt 3/4
==== ===== ===


Chorus Jig (Traditional)
------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, ret, meet P in center
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, ret, cast off w/ 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw
==== ===== ====


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
