====================
11 Dec. 2010 program
====================

:Location: HATDS Holiday ball
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

Three-dance medley
------------------

(a) The second time around (Jim Kitch)
......................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(b) Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
.................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch to N
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

(c) Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
.............................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Wish they could all be CA twirls (Jim Kitch)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
B1.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Bal ring, CA twirl
==== ===== ===


Levi Jackson Rag (Pat Shaw)
---------------------------

5-cpl set, top cpl facing down (improper), other 4 cpls becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Sides rt & lf thru while 1s down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) Sides rt & lf back while 1s down center to bottom
A2.  \( 8) 1s separate, come up outside to top, while sides cir lf
..   \( 8) All P dsd
B1.  \(16) W grand chain (2x)
B2.  \(16) New P promenade 1 place, bal & sw
==== ===== ===

In the grand chain the women leave their gent, pass another gent,
and are courtesy turned by the next gent.  When this dance breaks
down, it's generally because the grand chain is danced snappy
enough.

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt 1/2
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
