====================
23 Jan. 2010 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====


Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2x
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===


Scout House Reel (Ted Sannella, 15 Apr. 1979)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====


You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf 3/4".


Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


(break)


The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


Fair Jenny's Jig (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) N almd rt 3/4 to wavy line (M in middle)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 4) Bal wave(*)
A2.  \(16) Gypsy P rt, Shadow lf
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(*) Note that shadow is in next wave, slightly to rt

Joel's in the kitchen (Sue Rosen)
---------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Bal ring, petronella twirl (2×)
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, cross-trail thru(*)
..   \( 8) New N sw
B2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Same as "pass P rt, face N, pass N by lf sh"


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
