====================
11 Sept 2010 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Jalapeño Honey*

.. contents:: Dance index

Small Potatoes (Jim Kitch)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ====

The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2x
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

One for the ages (Linda Leslie)
-------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt, fall back to place
..   \( 8) 1s almd lf 1 1/2, give rt hd to N (wavy line)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \(16) Give & take (Ladies bring Gents home), P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 1s "flirt & go"(*), 2s Cal twirl
==== ===== ===

(*) 1s turn single, M over lf sh, W over rt sh

Katie's trip to Starbase 12 (Merilee Karr, Sept. 1992)
------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N gypsy 1 1/2
..   \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \(16) Swing star rt (rt hd star, same-sex lf hds)
B2.  \( 8) Drop rt hds, lf hd star across
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Second Third Friday (Erik Hoffman)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing across
B1.  \( 8) Promenade across (*)
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
==== ===== ===

(*) Erik's dance has a rt & lf thru.  I cheated for simplicity.

(break)

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walkthrough dance

Richfield Stomp (Becky Hill)
----------------------------

4-face-4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lines of 4 fwd, roll away w/ 1/2 sashay back
..   \( 8) Opposites dsd
A2.  \(16) Ends bal & sw (end facing in),
           while middle 4 bal opposite, square thru 2,
           bal opposite, square thru 2, face P
B1.  \( 8) P bal, box gnat
..   \( 8) Grand rt & lf 1/2 (until meet P)
B2.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
==== ===== ===

More than a bit of a train wreck, I'm afraid.  The grand rt & lf
wasn't the problem; the middles square through caused the collapse.
People could recover, but never enough to make it smooth.  Not sure
right now how best to fix.

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring
..   \( 8) Bal ring, petronella twirl rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, petronella twirl rt
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
