====================
26 June 2010 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *The Fab Five*

.. contents:: Dance index


Elegant Whimsy (G2, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s separate, ret outside to place, step between 2s, face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N bal
..   \( 4) N sashay back
..   \( 4) N bal
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Sarah's Journey (Gene Hubert)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N box the gnat, M pull by lf
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) P dsd
B1.  \( 8) P box the gnat, W pull by lf
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Take all of the credit, none of the blame (Larry Edelman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

(Lisa Greenleaf calls this the "delayed gratification reel")

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines
..   \( 8) bal wave, N almd rt 1/2, M almd lf 1/2
A2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey (P pass rt sh) to other side
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal [end of phrase!!!]
B1.  \( 8) 1/2 hey back
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across(*)
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*) Lisa's variant; original has rt & lf thru

(break)

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Ideally, done as a no-walk-through dance, 
with the band playing us in.

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1×, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Becket Reel (Herbie Gaudreaux, 1971)
------------------------------------

Becket (the one that started it all)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) Shadow almd lf
..   \(12) P sw
A2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
B1.  \( 8) Lf diag rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) Star rt
==== ===== ===

This dance usually teeters on the edge of breaking down until it finally
does actually break down.  I may or may not use this one.

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2Ã—)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might think, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
