.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
16 Oct. 2010 program
====================

:Location: Austin 3rd Saturday dance
:Band: *Jalapeño Honey*

.. contents:: Dance index

Hints of Harmony (Gene Hubert)
------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Roll away w/ half sashay, cir rt 3/4 (*)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*) End w/ P on gent's original side

One for the ages (Linda Leslie)
-------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt, fall back to place
..   \( 8) 1s almd lf 1 1/2, give rt hd to N (wavy line)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \(16) Give & take (Ladies bring Gents home), P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 1s "flirt & go"(*), 2s Cal twirl
==== ===== ===

(*) 1s turn single, M over lf sh, W over rt sh

Katie's trip to Starbase 12 (Merilee Karr, Sept. 1992)
------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N gypsy 1 1/2
..   \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \(16) Swing star rt (rt hd star, same-sex lf hds)
B2.  \( 8) Drop rt hds, lf hd star across
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Second Third Friday (Erik Hoffman)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing across
B1.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
==== ===== ===

Centrifugal Hey (Gene Hubert)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \(16) Hey (pass P rt)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Richfield Stomp (Becky Hill)
----------------------------

4-face-4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lines of 4 fwd, roll away w/ 1/2 sashay back
..   \( 8) Opposites dsd
A2.  \(16) Ends bal & sw (end facing in),
           while middle 4 bal opposite, square thru 2,
           bal opposite, square thru 2, face P
B1.  \( 8) P bal, box gnat
..   \( 8) Grand rt & lf 1/2 (until meet P)
B2.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
==== ===== ===

(break)

The next three may be done as a no-walkthrough
medley if the dance will support it.  Otherwise
I'll just use the first dance, either with or
without a walkthrough, depending.

Medley A -- The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Medley B -- The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Medley C -- First Hey (Paul Balliet)
-----------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey 
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru along
==== ===== ===

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

The next dance is here as a just-in-case extra:

Mary Cay's Reel (David Kaynor)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) Next N almd lf
A2.  \(16) Orig N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 4) W almd rt 3/4, give lf hd to next W
..   \( 4) W almd lf 3/4 (*)
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Men need to step lf to meet P

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might think, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
