.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

=====================
25 June 2011 program
=====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Some Fairly Fine Folk*

.. contents:: Dance index


Scout House Reel (Ted Sannella, 15 Apr. 1979)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====


Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===


Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


Storming (John Bloom)
---------------------

Becket (CW)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Bal ring & Petronella twirl (2x)
A2.  \(16) P Bal & sw
B1.  \(16) Down hall 4-in-line, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Lf diag cir lf
==== ===== ===

Some people found it hard to get the circle at the end of B2 finished
in time for the beginning of A1.


Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw, end in ring
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade 3/4, M turn back
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===


(break)


Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Amazing Grace (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd rt 1 3/4 (W face out, M face in)
B1.  \( 6) Shadow lf sh gypsy
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, CA tw
==== ===== ====


Hay for Poker (Grant Goodyear, 6 Aug 2006)
----------------------------------------------

Improper, dbl prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) Hey for 4, W st rt sh
B1.  \(4)  W pass rt sh
..   \(12) P sw
B2.  \(8)  Cir lf 3/4
..   \(8)  dip & dive (2s arch, 1s dive; 1s arch, 2s dive)
==== ===== ===


Joel's in the kitchen (Sue Rosen)
---------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Bal ring, petronella twirl (2x)
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, cross-trail thru(*)
..   \( 8) New N sw
B2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Same as "pass P rt, face N, pass N by lf sh"


The Rendezvous (Dan Pearl, 1980)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Slide lf 1 cpl, cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called without a walkthrough.


