====================
11 Dec. 2010 program
====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s turn alone, ret, turn to face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Modified version of A1 to simplify the timing for beginners

Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2x
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Star Trek (Mike Richardson)
---------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands across star rt
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) W pass rt sh, P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands across star rt, slide lf to new N cpl
==== ===== ===

Good Friday (Kirsten Koths, Mar. 1988)
--------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in center

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, slide rt (Rory O'More)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, slide lf
A2.  \( 4) N almd rt 1/2
..   \( 4) M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves
==== ===== ===

I replaced the Rt & lf thru w/ a promenade across.
Ugh.  Terrible transition.  

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

(break)

Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Dance performed without a walkthrough

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Take all of the credit, none of the blame (Larry Edelman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

(Lisa Greenleaf calls this the "delayed gratification reel")

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines
..   \( 8) bal wave, N almd rt 1/2, M almd lf 1/2
A2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey (P pass rt sh) to other side
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal [end of phrase!!!]
B1.  \( 8) 1/2 hey back
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across(*)
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*) Lisa's variant; original has rt & lf thru

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental noted that this dance can be danced faster than
we did it, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called without a walkthrough.

