.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
12 Feb. 2011 program
====================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

Gentle Introduction
===================

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper, start in long lines

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====

Cabot School Mixer (Ted Sannella, 6 Mar 1981)
---------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) Into center & bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Corners almd rt, P almd lf
B1.  \( 8) Corners dsd
..   \( 8) Corners sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

It's all about connection
=========================

(Borrowed from Chris Ricciotti's "The Zen of Contra Dancing"
set at the 2009 RPLD)

Connection with your partner:

Prime Interest (Chris Ricciotti)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (M in middle)
A2.  \( 8) Bal wave, slide rt (Rory O'More)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, slide lf
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across & butterfly whirl (power promendade)
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Take connection w/ P and expand 
to your group of four:

Roll in the Hey (Roger Diggle)
------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \(16) Hey 
==== ===== ===

Now extend the same sense of connection further along the lines:

Laura's Zig Zag (Rick Mohr, May 2001)
-------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 4) Cir lf 1/2
..   \( 4) as cpls zig lf past N cpl, zag rt to meet new N cpl
..   \( 4) New N cir rt 1/2
..   \( 4) zig rt, zag lf to meet orig N cpl
B1.  \( 6) orig N cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

Notes:

(a) At ends, if facing nobody at end of 1st zig/zag, dance w/ phantom cpl
(b) Cpl waiting out at end should participate in zig/zag
(c) Wrong genders in zig/zag w/ cpl waiting out OK; fixes itself.

And now the whole set:

CDS Reel (Ted Sannella, Sept. 1984)
-----------------------------------

Improper

More common no-swing-to-swing version:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Whole set cir lf
..   \( 8) Whole set cir rt
B1.  \( 8) lf-hd star 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw (same N as in A1)
==== ===== ===


After the break
===============

Small Potatoes (Jim Kitch) [no walkthrough]
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ====

Monica's Joy (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 8) Almd rt 1/2, men almd lf 1x
A2.  \(16) Hey (N pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

Chasing Fire (Grant Goodyear, 15 Mar. 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(8)  Circle left
..   \(8)  N swing
A2.  \(4)  Women cross (trade places w/ opposite lady)
..   \(4)  Men cross (trade places w/ opposite gent)
..   \(4)  P cross
..   \(4)  1s face down/2s face up; pass through
B1.  \(8)  1s: w/ couple behind, lady 'round two, gent cuts through
..   \(8)  1s: gent around two, lady cuts through
B2.  \(4)  1s: lady turns back over right shoulder
..   \(12) 1s: swing P, end facing down
==== ===== ====

Notes:
    1. Written for Kelsi Snoke 1 week after her 24th birthday; revised 12 Feb.
       2000.
    2. Can alternate 1s and 2s active in B


Arizona Becket (Bob Dalsemer, 1994)
-----------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) P dsd
A2.  \( 4) Shadows almd lf 1x
..   \(12) P sw
B1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 4) Pass thru across, turn rt to rt-hand star
..   \(12) Star rt 1 1/4 (to orig place), slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg) [no walkthrough]
--------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Levi Jackson Rag (Pat Shaw)
---------------------------

5-cpl set, top cpl facing down (improper), other 4 cpls becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Sides rt & lf thru while 1s down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) Sides rt & lf back while 1s down center to bottom
A2.  \( 8) 1s separate, come up outside to top, while sides cir lf
..   \( 8) All P dsd
B1.  \(16) W grand chain (2x)
B2.  \(16) New P promenade 1 place, bal & sw
==== ===== ===

In the grand chain the women leave their gent, pass another gent,
and are courtesy turned by the next gent.  When this dance breaks
down, it's generally because the grand chain is danced snappy
enough.

