.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
23 June 2012 program
====================

**Location**: HATDS
**Band**: *Contra Dan's*

.. contents:: Dance index


Maggie's favorite (Mike Head)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N dsd
..   \( 8) Bal ring (2x)
A2.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) Cir lf
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw 
B2.  \( 8) Line of 4 dn hall, 1s arch
..   \( 8) 2s duck through while 1s back up
==== ===== ====


The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2x
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===


Corner Triplet (Linda Leslie, 1991)
-----------------------------------

Proper triplet, ends (2, 3, 1)


==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, rt, cast off
A2.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw; end facing up
B2.  \( 8) 1s up center to top, separate to bottom
..   \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
==== ===== ===


Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch to N
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===


Monica's Joy (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 8) Almd rt 1/2, men almd lf 1x
A2.  \(16) Hey (N pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===


Swing again and then we part (Mike Head)
-----------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N sw
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
A2.  \( 8) P sw
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
B1.  \( 8) N dsd
..   \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
B2.  \( 8) P dsd
..   \( 8) N sw (again)
==== ===== ====


Sarah Said Yes! (G2, 14 Dec. 2001)
----------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(8)  Long lines forward and back
..   \(8)  Left diagonal ladies chain
A2.  \(8)  Straight across ladies chain
..   \(8)  Right and left through, end in a ring
B1.  \(16) Balance the ring and Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Partners balance and swing
==== ===== ====

Notes:
    1. Written for Sarah Robertson (now Goodyear) after she agreed to
       marry me!
    2. Partners are in different sets during the Petronella twirls, so
       dancers should twirl either not quite once or once and a half for
       the second twirl to find their partners.


[break]


Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Josette's Delight (Mike Head)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) W1 & M1 1/2-fig-8 (down)
..   \( 8) W1 & W2 1/2-fig-8 (across)
A2.  \( 8) W1 & M2 1/2-fig-8 (up)
..   \( 8) P promenade across
B1.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Cir lf
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw
==== ===== ====


Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh



Sackett's Harbor (Traditional)
------------------------------

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) All 6 cir lf 3/4 (M face up, W face dn)
A2.  \(16) 1s dn the center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners, end back in place
B2.  \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4 (finish proper)
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* 1s lead formation of minor sets in A1 (let go of old Ns)



Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Note: The original has just the swing in B1, with no balance.
