.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
13 Oct. 2012 program
====================

**Location**: HATDS
**Band**: *Contra Dan's*

.. contents:: Dance index


The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====


Ted's Solo Mixer (Ted Sannella, Sept. 1983)
-------------------------------------------

Individual couples, standing anywhere

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) P promenade
A2.  \( 8) P almd lf (as much as desired)
..   \( 8) P lf sh dsd
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) P 2-hand turn (as much as desired)
..   \( 8) P dsd 1 1/2, find a new P
==== ===== ====


Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch to N
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===


You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf 3/4".


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


Balance to my Lou (Becky Hill, TDR)
-----------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir lf
A2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Left diag W ch, end in circle across
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring & Pet twirl
..   \( 8) Bal ring & Pet twirl
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Pet twirl, find P
..   \( 8) P sw
==== ===== ===


Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


(break)

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Fair Jenny's Jig (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) N almd rt 3/4 to wavy line (M in middle)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 4) Bal wave(*)
A2.  \(16) Gypsy P rt, Shadow lf
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(*) Note that shadow is in next wave, slightly to rt

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===


The Rendezvous (Dan Pearl, 1980)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 
..   \( 8) Slide lf to new cpl, cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Note: The original has just the swing in B1, with no balance.
