====================
13 July 2013 program
====================

**Location**: HATDS
**Band**: *Laughing Lizards*

.. contents:: Dance index


Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====


Accretion Reel (Chris Page, Spring 2003)
----------------------------------------

Solo mixer

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring (after 1st time), solo scatter
A2.  \(16) find someone, dsd & sw
B1.  \( 8) cpls scatter promenade
B2.  \(16) Find a new cpl (or 2, or more!), cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
==== ===== ====


After the solstice (Lisa Greenleaf)
-----------------------------------

improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N dsd & sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


Hot tub rag (Steve Schnur)
--------------------------

5-person circles, pick 1 person as "Jack"

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) All 5 star lf
..   \( 8) Jack turn back(*)
A2.  \(16) Jack + someone bal & sw, end 2 facing 3
B1.  \( 8) New Jack (in center of 3) dsd the 2, Jack face out, arms crossed, take hands
..   \( 8) Make a basket(**)
B2.  \(16) Basket swing
==== ===== ====

(*)Jack turns over rt sh and single-file promenades cw around star

(**)Jack crosses his arms, and all 5 take hands.  Jack raises his arm that's on top,
pulls with the other arm, and pulls 2 dancers under.  All face in to make the basket.


Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Leave them hanging (Luke Donforth, July 2010)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey (P pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) P gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4 (where dance started)
..   \( 8) M1 drop lf hand, turn over lf sh, lead line-of-4 ccw 3/4 to progressed place
==== ===== ====


(break)

The baby rose (David Kaynor)
----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P dsd
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===


Apple pie quadrille (Ron Beeson)
--------------------------------

4-face-4 (double contra)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lines across fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Middle 4 star rt
A2.  \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) other 4 star rt
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(16) All 8 cir lf
C1.  \(16) Left gents drop lf hd, cast off over lf sh in ccw loop to progressed place
==== ===== ===


The Zombies of Sugar Hill (Gene Hubert, Aug. 1985)
--------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf 1 cpl (diff set from P)
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4 (face up or dn), N CA tw
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) star lf
==== ===== ===

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr 1972)
------------------------------------------

improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to a wavy line across
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 1/2
A2.  \( 8) Bal wave, M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, turn as cpls, ret, bend*
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*)The original has centers hand-cast around the ends



Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Note: The original has just the swing in B1, with no balance.
