====================
26 Jan. 2013 program
====================

**Location**: HATDS
**Band**: *Jalapeno Honey*

.. contents:: Dance index


Down but not out (Carol Ormand & Peter Stix, 21 Nov 1991)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn as cpl, ret to place, CA tw
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) W almd rt, N almd lf 1/2, M almd rt 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) P promenade across
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4; 2s arch, 1s duck thru
==== ===== ====


Circle of Friends (Steve Zakon-Anderson)
----------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M fwd, turn around ret to alamo ring (M face out, lf hd to P)
A2.  \( 8) Bal ring, P almd lf
..   \( 8) Corners dsd
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade, W roll back over rt sh
..   \( 8) New P promenade
==== ===== ===


Judah Jig (Charlie Fenton)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(12) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Hands across star rt
B2.  \( 8) Men drop out; W ch to N
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ====


Flirtation Reel (Tony Parkes)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, face N
A2.  \(16) Hey (N pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ====


Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Take all of the credit, none of the blame (Larry Edelman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

(Lisa Greenleaf calls this the "delayed gratification reel")

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines
..   \( 8) bal wave, N almd rt 1/2, M almd lf 1/2
A2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey (P pass rt sh) to other side
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal [end of phrase!!!]
B1.  \( 8) 1/2 hey back
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across(*)
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*) Lisa's variant; original has rt & lf thru

(break)

Awesome double progression dance (Donna McAllister)
---------------------------------------------------

improper, double prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Star lf
B1.  \(16) New N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

Star Trek (Mike Richardson)
---------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands across star rt
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) W pass rt sh, P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands across star rt, slide lf to new N cpl
==== ===== ===


3, 33-33 (Steve Zakon-Anderson)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N1 bal, rt pull by, N2 lf pull by
..   \( 8) N3 bal, box the gnat
A2.  \( 4) N3 rt pull by, N2 lf pull by
..   \(12) N1 sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
==== ===== ====


Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental noted that this dance can be danced faster than
we did it, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.



Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Note: The original has just the swing in B1, with no balance.
