.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

=======================
22 March 2014  program
=======================

:Location: HATDS regular dance
:Band: *Perfect 5th*

.. contents:: Dance index

Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s turn alone, ret, turn to face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Modified version of A1 to simplify the timing for beginners

Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2x
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===


Ashokan Hello (Tony Parkes, Aug. 1992)
--------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \( 8) P bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 2s arch/1s duck through
==== ===== ====


Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===


Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===



(break)


Medley A: The second time around (Jim Kitch)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


Medley B: Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Dances performed without a walkthrough

Take all of the credit, none of the blame (Larry Edelman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

(Lisa Greenleaf calls this the "delayed gratification reel")

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines
..   \( 8) bal wave, N almd rt 1/2, M almd lf 1/2
A2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey (P pass rt sh) to other side
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal [end of phrase!!!]
B1.  \( 8) 1/2 hey back
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across(*)
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

(*) Lisa's variant; original has rt & lf thru



The Rendezvous (Dan Pearl, 1980)
--------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 
..   \( 8) Slide lf to new cpl, cir lf 3/4
==== ===== ===


Chasing Fire (Grant Goodyear, 15 Mar. 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(8)  Circle left
..   \(8)  N swing
A2.  \(4)  Women cross (trade places w/ opposite lady)
..   \(4)  Men cross (trade places w/ opposite gent)
..   \(4)  P cross
..   \(4)  1s face down/2s face up; pass through
B1.  \(8)  1s: w/ couple behind, lady 'round two, gent cuts through
..   \(8)  1s: gent around two, lady cuts through
B2.  \(4)  1s: lady turns back over right shoulder
..   \(12) 1s: swing P, end facing down
==== ===== ====

Notes:
    1. Written for Kelsi Snoke 1 week after her 24th birthday; revised 12 Feb. 2000
    2. Can alternate 1s and 2s active in B



Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw(*)
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

(*) The original has a swing without the balance

Dance called without a walkthrough.

