====================
26 Apr. 2014 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Contra Dan's*

.. contents:: Dance index

Lady Walpole's Reel (Trad)
--------------------------
Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) W ch (over and back)
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) Rt & lf
==== ===== ===


Cabot School Mixer (Ted Sannella, 6 Mar. 1981)
----------------------------------------------
Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) Into the center and bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Almd rt corner, almd lf P
B1.  \(16) Corner dsd & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===


One for the ages (Linda Leslie)
-------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt, fall back to place
..   \( 8) 1s almd lf 1 1/2, give rt hd to N (wavy line)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \(16) Give & take (*Ladies bring Gents home*), P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 1s "flirt & go"(*), 2s Cal twirl
==== ===== ===

(*) 1s turn single, M over lf sh, W over rt sh

I messed up the give-and-take (having the men bring back
the ladies), so we fixed it by having the 1s "cross thru"
to progressed, proper positions after the balance in B2.
It worked surprisingly well.



Spring Break (Nils Fredland, 2008)
----------------------------------
Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Bal ring & Pet tw, 2x
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 4) M pull by lf hd, P pull by rt hd
..   \( 4) W almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru (to new ring)
==== ===== ===


Butter (Gene Hubert)
--------------------
Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) (slide lf* and) cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \(16) Hey
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Only slide lf 1 cpl after the first time through

I didn't call "Butter" do to lack of time.


Second Third Friday (Erik Hoffman)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing across
B1.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
..   \( 4) P rt-hd bal
..   \( 4) square through 2 hands
==== ===== ===


Star Trek (Mike Richardson, 27 Sept. 1990)
------------------------------------------
Becket (prog cw)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands-across star rt, M drop out
..   \( 8) W ch (to N)
A2.  \(16) hey 
B1.  \( 4) W pass rt sh (to P)
..   \(12) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands-across star rt, Trek along set to new star
==== ===== ===


(break)


The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh


Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===


Mary Cay's Reel (David Kaynor)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) Next N almd lf
A2.  \(16) Orig N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 4) W almd rt 3/4, give lf hd to next W
..   \( 4) W almd lf 3/4 (*)
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Men need to step lf to meet P


Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might think, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
Note that the original dance has only the swing in B1; no balance.
