.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

=====================
27 June 2015 program
=====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *John, Teresa, and the Doyles*

.. contents:: Dance index


Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s turn alone, ret, turn to face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====


The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Corner Triplet (Linda Leslie, 1991)
-----------------------------------

Proper triplet, ends (2, 3, 1)


==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, rt, cast off
A2.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw; end facing up
B2.  \( 8) 1s up center to top, separate to bottom
..   \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
==== ===== ===



CDS Reel (Ted Sannella, Sept. 1984)
-----------------------------------

Improper

More common no-swing-to-swing version:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Whole set cir lf
..   \( 8) Whole set cir rt
B1.  \( 8) lf-hd star 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw (same N as in A1)
==== ===== ===


Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1×, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===


Sackett's Harbor (Traditional)
------------------------------

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) All 6 cir lf 3/4 (M face up, W face dn)
A2.  \(16) 1s dn the center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners, end back in place
B2.  \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4 (finish proper)
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* 1s lead formation of minor sets in A1 (let go of old Ns)


Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


(break)


The second time around (Jim Kitch) (no walkthrough)
---------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


There is no way to peace, peace is the way (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W dsd
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W almd rt 1 1/2
B2.  \( 8) W pick up P, star promenade 3/4
..   \( 8) Approaching (new) M take lf hands, star promenade 3/4,
           butterfly whirl
==== ===== ===



The Reunion (Gene Hubert, 1 Apr. 1984)
--------------------------------------

Becket, dbl prog, even number of cpls

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lf diag W ch
..   \( 8) W chain across (to shadow)
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4
==== ===== ===


In Alice's kitchen you may eat dessert first (Chris Kelly)
----------------------------------------------------------

Indecent (both cpls switch)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay
A2.  \(16) Bal ring, Pet tw (2x)
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) P bal, 1s sw while 2s trade sides
==== ===== ===


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called without a walkthrough.


