====================
25 Apr. 2015 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index


The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====


Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2x
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===


Ashokan Hello (Tony Parkes, Aug. 1992)
--------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \( 8) P bal, box the gnat
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, 2s arch/1s duck through
==== ===== ====


Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1 1/4 to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt 1/2
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===


Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


Wish they could all be CA twirls (Jim Kitch)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
B1.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Bal ring, CA twirl
==== ===== ===


(break)


Three-dance medley
------------------

(a) The second time around (Jim Kitch)
......................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(b) Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
.................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch to N
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

(c) Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
.............................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might expect, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.


Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh


Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
