.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

==================
8 Aug 2015 program
==================

Location: 
    HATDS
Band: 
    *The Subject to Change band*

.. contents:: Dance index

Scout House Reel (Ted Sannella, 15 Apr. 1979)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Circle of Friends (Steve Zakon-Anderson)
----------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M fwd, turn around ret to alamo ring (M face out, lf hd to P)
A2.  \( 8) Bal ring, P almd lf
..   \( 8) Corners dsd
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade, W roll back over rt sh
..   \( 8) New P promenade
==== ===== ===

Solstice Special (Tony Parkes, SoS)
-----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N dsd
..   \( 8) N sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
B1.  \(16) P gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass through to next
==== ===== ====

You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf 3/4".

Flirtation Reel (Tony Parkes)
-----------------------------

Improper, start 4-in-line w/ 1s in center

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, face N
A2.  \(16) Hey (N pass rt sh)
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

The Lakewood Six (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Hands across star lf
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Promenade across
..   \( 8) Left diag rt & lf thru
==== ===== ====

Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

(break)


Black Mountain Reel (Tom Hinds) (no walkthrough)
------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass through (across)
A2.  \(16) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \(16) Hey (W pass rt sh)
==== ===== ===

Salute to Larry Jennings, L.J. variant (Ted Sannella & L.J.)
------------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N dsd
A2.  \(16) Grand rt & lf along set
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Grand rt & lf: N rt, N2 lf, N3 rt, N4 lf almd, N3 rt, N2 lf,
  give rt hand to N.  The grand rt & lf bends around the ends.
* After 1st time through dance, A1 is on a slight left diagonal

Awesome double progression dance (Donna McAllister)
---------------------------------------------------

improper, double prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Star lf
B1.  \(16) New N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

The 8th of April (Tom Hinds, 8 Apr 1990)
----------------------------------------

proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Same-sex N almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M#2/W#1 almd lf 1 1/2
A2.  \(16) P gypsy & sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) 1s half fig 8 down (puts M & W on "wrong" side)
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, cir lf 1/2
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Dance called without a walkthrough.


