.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
10 Oct. 2015 program
====================

Location: 
    HATDS
Band: 
    *The Subject to Change band*

.. contents:: Dance index

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====


Cabot School Mixer (Ted Sannella, 6 Mar. 1981)
----------------------------------------------
Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) Into the center and bk
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Almd rt corner, almd lf P
B1.  \(16) Corner dsd & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===


Cranky Ingenuity (Bill Olson, 23 Feb. 2004)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cpls dsd
A2.  \(16) N dsd & sw
B1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) bal ring, CA tw
==== ===== ====


The Dogleaf Reel (Lisa Greenleaf)
---------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \(16) 1s ½ fig 8 up, 2s sw end facing up(*)
==== ===== ====

(*) 2s swing as soon as 1s have cleared the center


Ben's Spinoff #3 (Gene Hubert)
------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt, W pull by lf (cross set)
..   \( 8) P almd rt, W pull by lf (cross set)
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)


The Zombies of Sugar Hill (Gene Hubert, Aug. 1985)
--------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf 1/2, slide lf 1 cpl (diff set from P)
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4 (face up or dn), N CA tw
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) star lf
==== ===== ===


(break)
-------

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===


Al's Safeway Produce (Robert Cromartie, ~1989)
----------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1½
A2.  \( 8) W almd rt 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Star rt
==== ===== ====


Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
==== ===== ====


3, 33-33 (Steve Zakon-Anderson)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) N1 bal, rt pull by, N2 lf pull by
..   \( 8) N3 bal, box the gnat
A2.  \( 4) N3 rt pull by, N2 lf pull by
..   \(12) N1 sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W dsd 1 1/2
==== ===== ====


Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Note: The original version of the dance does not have the P balance in B1.
