.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
23 July 2016 program
====================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Laughing Lizards*

.. contents:: Dance index


Elegant Whimsy (G2, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s separate, ret outside to place, step between 2s, face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N bal
..   \( 4) N sashay back
..   \( 4) N bal
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===

Trip to Lambertville (Steve Zakon-Anderson, Mar. 1986)
------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in long lines

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) W in to wavy line, bal wave
..   \( 8) W out while M in to wavy line, bal wave
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 3/4, give rt hd to N, bal wave
..   \( 8) N sw
B1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Druid Reel (Becky Hill)
-----------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Rt hand star
..   \( 8) W turn back, N gypsy
A2.  \(16) W pass rt sh, P sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, step to wave across
..   \( 8) Bal, slide rt, almd lf 1/4 (W face in)
B2.  \(16) Hey (W pass rt sh)
==== ===== ===

There are many versions of Becky Hill's Druid Reel (as far as I can
tell).  This one is the version that I learned from Lisa Greenleaf.
What makes the dance special is the flow in A1 and A2.  What makes it
tricky is the one-step almd lf at the bottom of B1, which really should
come before the end of the phrase, not at the beginning of B2.  (Left to
their own devices, the dancers will tend to allemande at the beginning of B2
instead, which works, but makes the timing of the hey rather tighter
than it needs to be.)

(break)

Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) star lf
..   \( 8) new N dsd
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1×, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

Becket Reel (Herbie Gaudreaux, 1971)
------------------------------------

Becket (the one that started it all)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) Shadow almd lf
..   \(12) P sw
A2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
B1.  \( 8) Lf diag rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) Star rt
==== ===== ===

This dance usually teeters on the edge of breaking down until it finally
does actually break down.  This time, however, it went very well, with
the dancers seeming to have no trouble at all.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.

