.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
25 June 2016 program
====================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index


Frederick Contra (Tom Hinds)
----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) M dsd
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1½
A2.  \(16) P bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) N sw
==== ===== ====

Note: Ensure B2 sw ends facing across.  There's a tendency for
M to finish on L diagonal, anticipating A1, which risks the W.

Ease of Circles (Gene Hubert)
-----------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P bal & sw
A2.  \(16) P promenade
B1.  \( 8) M stop, W weave past 2
..   \( 8) W stop, M weave past 2
B2.  \( 8) Fwd & bk
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1½ to new P
==== ===== ===

Note: In weaves, those moving go inside one N,
then outside next N, to form a big circle.


Marian's Delight (Carol Kopp)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W dsd 1½
B1.  \( 8) P gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½, scoop up N
..   \( 8) Star promenade, butterfly whirl, face new N
==== ===== ====

The Carousel (Tom Hinds)
------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W Almd lf 1½
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 6) Circle lf ¾
..   \(10) N sw
==== ===== ===

Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf ½, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====

Awesome double progression dance (Donna McAllister)
---------------------------------------------------

Improper, double prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Star lf
B1.  \(16) New N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

Passion Breakdown A (Cary Ravitz, Feb. 2008)
--------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) ½ hey (W start passing rt sh)
..   \( 8) Mad robin chase(*)
B1.  \( 2) W walk straight across set
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) Bal ring, CA twirl
==== ===== ===

(*) W step forward and left to start the mad robin
(which is a N see-saw while facing P)


(break)


The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Good Friday (Kirsten Koths, Mar. 1988)
--------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in center

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, slide rt (Rory O'More)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, slide lf
A2.  \( 4) N almd rt ½
..   \( 4) M almd lf ½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N dsd 1½ to new waves
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1¼ (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

The Reunion (Gene Hubert, 1 Apr. 1984)
--------------------------------------

Becket, dbl prog, even number of cpls

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lf diag W ch
..   \( 8) W chain across (to shadow)
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
..   \( 8) Cir rt ¾
==== ===== ===

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===
