.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
9 Sept. 2017 program
====================

=============  ===
**Location:**  HATDS
**Band:**      *Subject to Change*
=============  ===

.. contents:: Dance index


Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s turn alone, ret, turn to face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Becket Brigade (Carol Ormand)
-----------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1½
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Cir lf ½; slide lf to new cpl
==== ===== ===

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Barbarella (Tom Thoreau)
------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
A2.  \(16) Bal ring / Petronella twirl (2×)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Pass thru (across), CA twirl
..   \( 8) Cir lf ½, slide lf one cpl
==== ===== ====


Sackett's Harbor (Traditional)
------------------------------

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) All 6 cir lf 3/4 (M face up, W face dn)
A2.  \(16) 1s dn the center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners, end back in place
B2.  \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4 (finish proper)
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* 1s lead formation of minor sets in A1 (let go of old Ns)

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1 1/4 (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

(break)

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper, no walkthrough

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Wizard's Walk (Ruth Ungar)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf ½, bal ring
..   \( 8) Cir lf ½, bal ring
A2.  \(12) Square through 5,(†) starting w/ N
..   \( 8) P lf sh gypsy 1×
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(16) Wizard walk(*)
==== ===== ===

This dance has its own special music (also called "Wizard's Walk",
by the author's father).

(†) A right-and-left grand around the ring of 4 people, 5 places.
M move CW, W move CCW.

(*) Everybody dances forward two cpls, then backs up two cpls (back
to place), an extended mirror do-si-do. 1s outside, inside, outside,
inside; 2s inside, outside, inside, outside.

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might think, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Fair Jenny's Jig (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) N almd rt 3/4 to wavy line (M in middle)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) M almd lf 1/2
..   \( 4) Bal wave(*)
A2.  \(16) Gypsy P rt, Shadow lf
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(*) Note that shadow is in next wave, slightly to rt

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw(*)
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===

(*) Original lacks the balance in B1.

Dance called without a walkthrough.


