.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

======================
11 March 2017  program
======================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index


Scout House Reel (Ted Sannella, 15 Apr. 1979)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1½
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2x
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===

Becket Brigade (Carol Ormand)
-----------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) P sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) M almd lf 1½
B1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Cir lf ½; slide lf to new cpl
==== ===== ===

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1¼ to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt ½
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf ½
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Corner Triplet (Linda Leslie, 1991)
-----------------------------------

Proper triplet, ends (2, 3, 1)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, rt, cast off
A2.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw; end facing up
B2.  \( 8) 1s up center to top, separate to bottom
..   \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
==== ===== ===

Theory of mind (David Smulker, 2 June 2004)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across (W in middle)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, slide rt (Rory O'More)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, slide lf
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf (into wave w/ new N)
==== ===== ===

(break)

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) 1/2 hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
==== ===== ===

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1¼ (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===
