.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
25 Nov. 2017 program
====================

=============  ===
**Location:**  HATDS
**Band:**      *Four for Nothing*
=============  ===

.. contents:: Dance index


The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====

You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt ¾ to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt ¾ to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1½ to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf ¾".

Awesome double progression dance (Donna McAllister)
---------------------------------------------------

Improper, double prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Star lf
B1.  \(16) New N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing down
==== ===== ===

Corner Triplet (Linda Leslie, 1991)
-----------------------------------

Proper triplet, ends (2, 3, 1)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, rt, cast off
A2.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B1.  \(16) 1s bal & sw; end facing up
B2.  \( 8) 1s up center to top, separate to bottom
..   \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
==== ===== ===

I threw this dance in as setup for the upcoming Sackett's Harbor.

Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt ½, change hands, almd lf 1×
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Sackett's Harbor (Traditional)
------------------------------

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) All 6 cir lf ¾ (M face up, W face dn)
A2.  \(16) 1s dn the center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners, end back in place
B2.  \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir rt ¾ (finish proper)
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* 1s lead formation of minor sets in A1 (let go of old Ns)
* This dance is here partly as set-up for Money Musk, which is just insane.


Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Three-dance medley (done w/ a rolling start)
--------------------------------------------


(a) The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
......................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

(b) Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
.................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

(c) First Hey (Paul Balliet)
............................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey 
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru along
==== ===== ===

I swapped out the third dance at the last minute, and missed the awful
transition from dsd to almd lf.  Oops! 

Money Musk (Traditional, 24-bar version)
----------------------------------------

Proper triple minor

==== ===== ===
A.   \( 8) 1s almd rt 1½
..   \( 4) 1s dn outside below 1 to
           center of lines of 3 on sides
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
B.   \( 8) 1s almd rt ¾ to lines of 3 across
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
..   \( 4) 1s almd rt ¾ to proper lines on sides
C.   \(16) 1s & 2s rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Note that the A takes a lot longer to get to the fwd & bk than the dancers
expect. The same is true of the B almd, but that one's not as much
a problem. In both cases, careful calling can fix the timing.

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1¼ (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Becket Reel (Herbie Gaudreaux, 1971)
------------------------------------

Becket (the one that started it all)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) Shadow almd lf
..   \(12) P sw
A2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
B1.  \( 8) Lf diag rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) Star rt
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw(*)
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

(*) Original lacks the balance in B1.

Dance called without a walkthrough.


