.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
9 Sept. 2018 program
====================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Rock Prairie Ramblers*

.. contents:: Dance index

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====


Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2×
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===

Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

With thanks to the Dean (Steve Zakon-Anderson)
----------------------------------------------

Improper, dbl prog

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \( 6) W almd rt
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Slide lf, cir lf ¾
B2.  \( 8) new N dsd
..   \( 4) same new N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===


(break)
-------

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Good Times (Al Olson, ZC)
-------------------------

Triple minor, improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dip and dive (middles always arch)
A2.  \(16) 1s and 2s N sw; 3s P sw (end facing in/up)
B1.  \(16) Cir lf
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) P dsd
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1¼ (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Marian's Delight (Carol Kopp)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W dsd 1½
B1.  \( 8) P gypsy & sw
B2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½, scoop up N
..   \( 8) Star promenade, butterfly whirl, face new N
==== ===== ====

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

Note that the original dance has only the swing in B1; no balance.
