.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

========================
25 February 2016 program
========================

**Location**: 
    SMCDTX
**Band**: 
    *O'Malarkey*

.. contents:: Dance index


Lexington's Loss (Carol Ormand)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Rt & lf through
..   \( 8) Rt & lf back
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass through
==== ===== ====

First turn in May (Tom Hinds)
-----------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Fwd & bk (2×)
A2.  \( 4) Corner almd lf
..   \( 4) P almd rt
..   \( 4) Corner almd lf
..   \( 4) P pass rt sh to new P
B1.  \(16) New P bal & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

Star Trek (Mike Richardson, 27 Sept. 1990)
------------------------------------------
Becket (prog cw)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands-across star rt, M drop out
..   \( 8) W ch (to N)
A2.  \(16) hey 
B1.  \( 4) W pass rt sh (to P)
..   \(12) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands-across star rt, Trek along set to new star
==== ===== ===

You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt 3/4 to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1 1/2 to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf 3/4".

Salute to Larry Jennings, original version (Ted Sannella)
---------------------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw (end facing dn)
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) N dsd
B1.  \(16) Grand rt & lf along set
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Grand rt & lf: N rt, N2 lf, N3 rt, N4 lf almd, N3 rt, N2 lf,
  give rt hand to N.  The grand rt & lf bends around the ends.

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt 1/2, change hands, almd lf 1×
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

(break)
-------

Another nice combination (Tom Hinds)
------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass through
..   \( 8) Shadow dsd
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

The Dogleaf Reel (Lisa Greenleaf)
---------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \(16) 1s ½ fig 8 up, 2s sw end facing up(*)
==== ===== ====

(*) 2s swing as soon as 1s have cleared the center

Fidgety Feet (Mark Richardson)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) W almd lf 1 1/2, give rt hd to P in wavy line across
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, slide rt, bal wave, slide lf (Rory O'More)
B1.  \(16) P almd rt 1/2, hey (M pass lf sh)
B2.  \(16) P sw
==== ===== ===

Chasing Fire (Grant Goodyear, 15 Mar. 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(8)  Circle left
..   \(8)  N swing
A2.  \(4)  Women cross (trade places w/ opposite lady)
..   \(4)  Men cross (trade places w/ opposite gent)
..   \(4)  P cross
..   \(4)  1s face down/2s face up; pass through
B1.  \(8)  1s: w/ couple behind, lady 'round two, gent cuts through
..   \(8)  1s: gent around two, lady cuts through
B2.  \(4)  1s: lady turns back over right shoulder
..   \(12) 1s: swing P, end facing down
==== ===== ====

Notes:
    1. Written for Kelsi Snoke 1 week after her 24th birthday; revised 12 Feb. 2000
    2. Can alternate 1s and 2s active in B

The Reunion (Gene Hubert, 1 Apr. 1984)
--------------------------------------

Becket, dbl prog, even number of cpls

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Lf diag W ch
..   \( 8) W chain across (to shadow)
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4, pass thru
..   \( 8) Cir rt 3/4
==== ===== ===

