.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
 8 Dec. 2018 program
====================

:Location: HATDS Holiday ball
:Band: *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index

Three-dance medley
------------------

(a) The second time around (Jim Kitch)
......................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) ½ hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
==== ===== ===

(b) Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
.................................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch to N
B2.  \( 8) Star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

(c) Dancing Bear (Becky Hill)
.............................

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd rt ½, change hands, almd lf 1x
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Levi Jackson Rag (Pat Shaw)
---------------------------

5-cpl set, top cpl facing down (improper), other 4 cpls becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Sides rt & lf thru while 1s down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) Sides rt & lf back while 1s down center to bottom
A2.  \( 8) 1s separate, come up outside to top, while sides cir lf
..   \( 8) All P dsd
B1.  \(16) W grand chain (2x) ["leave 1, pass 1, turn 1"]
B2.  \(16) New P promenade 1 place, bal & sw
==== ===== ===

* In A1, top couple waits for the sides to pass thru, then progresses
  during the courtesy turn.
* In the grand chain the women leave their gent, pass another gent,
  and are courtesy turned by the next gent.  When this dance breaks
  down, it's generally because the grand chain isn't danced snappily
  enough.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf 3/4
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1 1/2
==== ===== ===
