.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
14 Apr. 2018 program
====================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index

Whynot's Special (Roger Whynot)
-------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1 sw, end facing down
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend
B1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B2.  \(16) W ch over and back
==== ===== ====


Chris & Lisa found each other (Grant Goodyear, Jun. 1997)
---------------------------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) P swing
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
B1.  \(16) Into center and back, 2×
B2.  \(16) Give rt hand to P, pull by,
           single file promenade
           (Men ccw in center, Women cw outside)
==== ===== ===

Spring Break (Nils Fredland, 2008)
----------------------------------
Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Bal ring & Pet tw, 2×
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw
B1.  \( 4) M pull by lf hd, P pull by rt hd
..   \( 4) W almd lf 1×
..   \( 8) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru (to new ring)
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Hints of Harmony (Gene Hubert)
------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Roll away w/ half sashay, cir rt ¾ (*)
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

* End w/ P on gent's original side

Plenty of Nuthin' (Keith Holmes, 11 Feb. 1995)
----------------------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s split 2s, cast back to place
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
A2.  \( 8) 2s split 1s, cast back to place
..   \( 8) 2s sw, end facing up
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) 1s ½-fig-8 up, end facing new 2s
==== ===== ===

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===


(break)
-------

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) ½ hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Rockin' Robin (Rick Mohr)
-------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir rt
..   \( 8) N almd lf 1x, M pull by rt
A2.  \(16) hey, P st pass lf sh
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \(10) Cir lf 1¼ (to orig pos)
..   \( 6) Cpls zig lf, then zag rt, 
           to pass N cpl by W rt sh
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

Note that the original dance has only the swing in B1; no balance.
