.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
13 Oct. 2018 program
====================

=============  ===
**Location:**  HATDS
**Band:**      *Ceol na Croi*
=============  ===

.. contents:: Dance index


Elegant Whimsy (Grant Goodyear, 8 May 1998)
-------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) 1s take near hands, promenade down center past 2 cpls
..   \( 8) 1s turn alone, ret, turn to face N
A2.  \( 4) N sashay down
..   \( 4) N balance
..   \( 4) N sashay back up
..   \( 4) N balance
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

Thursday Night Special (Larry Jennings)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, return, bend line
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf 3/4
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
==== ===== ===

You can't get there from here (Carol Ormand, 10 June 1994)
----------------------------------------------------------

Improper, start in wavy lines across, W in middle

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt ¾ to long waves (W face in)
..   \( 8) Bal wave, almd rt ¾ to waves across (M in middle)
A2.  \(16) Bal wave, N sw
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru to new waves
==== ===== ===

Note:

* My variation to relax the timing slightly.  The original
  end to B2 is "N dsd 1½ to new waves" after the 
  "Cir lf ¾".

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Break
-----

Simplicity Swing (Becky Hill)
-----------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) W ch
B2.  \( 8) star lf
..   \( 8) New N dsd
==== ===== ===

Star Trek (Mike Richardson, 27 Sept. 1990)
------------------------------------------
Becket (prog cw)

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Hands-across star rt, M drop out
..   \( 8) W ch (to N)
A2.  \(16) hey 
B1.  \( 4) W pass rt sh (to P)
..   \(12) P sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Hands-across star rt, Trek along set to new star
==== ===== ===

Triple minor dance
------------------

Sackett's Harbor (Traditional)
..............................

Triple proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) All 6 cir lf ¾ (M face up, W face dn)
A2.  \(16) 1s dn the center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners, end back in place
B2.  \( 8) Lines of 3 fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Cir rt ¾ (finish proper)
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* Cpl out at top waits out 2 times, cpls at bottom dance w/ ghost cpl
* 2s and 3s alternate positions
* 1s lead formation of minor sets in A1 (let go of old Ns)


or Money Musk (Traditional, 24-bar version)
...........................................

Proper triple minor

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt 1½
..   \( 4) 1s dn outside below 1 to
           center of lines of 3 on sides
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
B1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt ¾ to lines of 3 across
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
..   \( 4) 1s almd rt ¾ to proper lines on sides
C1.  \(16) 1s & 2s rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Note that the A takes a lot longer to get to the fwd & bk than the dancers
expect. The same is true of the B almd, but that one's not as much
a problem. In both cases, careful calling can fix the timing.

Sarah Said Yes (Grant Goodyear, 14 Dec. 2001)
---------------------------------------------

Becket, progresses CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) lf diag W ch
A2.  \( 8) Straight across W ch
..   \( 8) Straight across rt & lf thru,
           end in a ring of 4
B1.  \(16) Bal ring, Petronella twirl (2x)
B2.  \(16) Look for P, P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Ends come in on other side of set to circle left.  Joseph
Pimental has noted that this dance can be danced faster than
one might think, and thus really rocking tunes can be used.

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw(*)
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

(*) Original lacks the balance in B1.
