.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

====================
24 Nov. 2018 program
====================

:Location: HATDS
:Band: *Contra Dan's*

.. contents:: Dance index

Scout House Reel (Ted Sannella, 15 Apr. 1979)
---------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 4-in-line down hall, turn alone, ret, bend line
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
B1.  \( 8) W dsd 1½
..   \( 8) N sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw, end facing dn
==== ===== ====

The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2x
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1¼ to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt ½
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf ½
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

There is no way to peace, peace is the way (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ==== ===
A1.  \(8) W dsd
..   \(8) P sw
A2.  \(8) M almd lf 1½
..   \(8) N sw
B1.  \(8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \(8) W almd rt 1½
B2.  \(8) W pick up P, star promenade ¾
..   \(8) Approaching (new) M take lf hands, star promenade ¾,
          butterfly whirl
==== ==== ===


(break)
-------

The Nice Combination (Gene Hubert)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
A2.  \(16) Down hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B1.  \( 6) Cir lf ¾
..   \(10) P sw
B2.  \( 8) W ch
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Handsome Young Maids (Sue Rosen, 1996)
--------------------------------------

Improper, 1s bet 2s facing dn in line of 4

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) Dublin Bay, end in ring
A2.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Bal ring, "cloverleaf"(*) turn single
B1.  \(16) N bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

* W turn single over lf sh, M turn single over rt sh

Mary Cay's Reel (David Kaynor)
------------------------------

Becket

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
..   \( 8) Next N almd lf
A2.  \(16) Orig N bal & sw
B1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 4) W almd rt ¾, give lf hd to next W
..   \( 4) W almd lf ¾ (*)
B2.  \(16) P bal & sw
==== ===== ===

(*) Men need to step lf to meet P

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

Done as a no-walk-through dance to close out the evening.
Note that the original dance has only the swing in B1; no balance.
