.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

===================
8 Feb. 2020 program
===================

=============  ===
**Location:**  George Ranch
**Event:**     Victorians Behaving Badly
**Band:**      *Subject to Change*
=============  ===

.. contents:: Dance index

Galopede (Traditional)
----------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Pass thru, turn alone
A2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) Pass thru, turn alone
B1.  \( 8) P dsd
..   \( 8) P two-hand-turn
B2.  \(16) 1s two-hand-turn down center to bottom, rest move up
==== ===== ===

Virginia Reel (Traditional)
---------------------------

Longways proper, 5-6 cpls

===== ===
\( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
\( 8) P almd rt, ret to place
\( 8) P almd lf, ret to place
\( 8) P dsd
\(16) 1s sashay down & bk
\( 8) 1s almd rt 1 1/2
\(??) reel the set to bottom
\( 8) 1s sashay back to top
\(??) 1s separate, cast to bottom, others follow
..    1s arch, others meet P, duck, ret
===== ===

(break)
-------

9 Pin (traditional)
-------------------

Square, w/ an extra person in the center

===== ===
\( 8) H cir lf (around 9 pin)
\( 8) S cir lf (around 9 pin)
\( 8) H sashay up/dn, passing to rt of 9 pin
\( 8) S sashay lf/rt, passing to rt of 9 pin
\( 8) 9 pin sw w/ one member of cpl 1, other person cir in  center
\( 8) 9 pin sw w/ one member of cpl 2, other person cir in center
\( 8) 9 pin sw w/ one member of cpl 3, other person cir in center
\( 8) 9 pin sw w/ one member of cpl 4, other person cir in center
\( 8) 9 pin join center ring, cir lf
\(…)  center ring cir rt, star, whatever
\(16) Centers find somebody on outside to swing (remainder is new 9 pin)
===== ===

Pop goes the weasel (Traditional)
---------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) 1s dn outside, turn alone, ret
A2.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, ret to W2
B1.  \(12) 3 Cir lf 1½ or 2½, end w/ 1s above W2
..   \( 4) 1s pop W2 to progressed place, 1s face M2
B2.  \(12) 3 Cir lf 1½ or 2½, end w/ 1s above M2
..   \( 4) 1s pop M2 to progressed place, 1s face new N
==== ===== ===

Jefferson & Liberty (Dudley Briggs var, Jefferson's Reel)
---------------------------------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) Cir rt
A2.  \( 8) Star rt
..   \( 8) Star lf
B1.  \(16) 1s sep, dn outside, turn alone, ret
B2.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall (1s in center)
..   \( 8) Centers arch, ends duck through, new circles ret
==== ===== ====

(planned dances that weren't called)
------------------------------------

Bouquet Waltz (traditional Appalachian)
---------------------------------------

Square, phrasing essentially nonexistent

===== ===
\( 8) M1 (then 2, 3, 4) lead rt, cir 3 1×
\( 4) Lead man to the next cpl (3), lead lady to cpl 2
\(12) Circles of 3 bouquet waltz(*)
\( 4) Lead man, lead lady on  to the next (M w/ 4, W w/ 3)
\(12) Circles of 3 bouquet waltz(*)
\( 4) Lead lady catch up (to cpl 4), cpl 2 to cpl 3
\(12) 4×4 bouquet waltz
\(16) Everybody home and swing your own
===== ===

Repeat the pattern for each couple.

(*) Bouquet waltz: two circles circling lf, while the
circles precess around each other "to the right" (ccw)

Washington Quickstep (Traditional)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Star rt
..   \( 8) Star lf
A2.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, ret, cast off
B1.  \(16) Rt-and-lf thru, over and back
B2.  \( 8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \( 8) 1s sw
==== ===== ===

Petronella (Traditional)
------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing up, W1 end facing dn,
           while 2s slide up to orig 1s position
..   \( 4) Everybody take hands in a diamond, bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
A2.  \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to rt
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
B1.  \(16) 2s spin one place to rt (back home), while
           1s dn center, turn alone, ret, cast off w/ same-gender N
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

