.. meta::
	:viewport: width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0

===================
3 Jan. 2020 program
===================

**Location**: 
    HATDS
**Band**: 
    *Subject to Change*

.. contents:: Dance index

Beaux of Oak Hill (Trad)
------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing across
B1.  \(16) W ch over and bk
B2.  \( 8) P promenade across
..   \( 8) Rt & lf thru
==== ===== ====

or The Belles of Auburn (Roger Knox, 1958)
------------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend
B2.  \(16) W ch over and bk
==== ===== ====

The Flircle (Tony Parkes, Oct. 1990)
------------------------------------

Circle mixer

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) All fwd & bk, 2x
A2.  \( 8) P almd rt 1 1/2
..   \( 8) P almd lf 1 1/2, face corner
B1.  \( 8) Corners (new P) gypsy & sw
B2.  \(16) Promenade
==== ===== ===

Shadrack's delight (Tony Parkes, Apr. 1972)
-------------------------------------------

Improper, no-cast variation

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N dsd 1¼ to wavy lines (W in center)
..   \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) All almd rt ½
A2.  \( 4) Bal wave
..   \( 4) Men almd lf ½
..   \( 8) P sw, end facing dn
B1.  \(16) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls, ret, bend line
B2.  \( 8) Rt & lf thru
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ===

The original has:

==== ===== ===
B1.  \( 8) 4-in-line dn hall, turn as cpls
..   \( 8) return, centers hand-cast around ends
==== ===== ===

Grant's Give & Take (G2, 1999)
------------------------------

Becket, CW

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) Cir lf
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) N sw
B2.  \(16) Give & take, P sw
==== ===== ===

Notes:

* After the first time through, A1 is on a slight left diagonal
* Give & take: long lines go forward (2), M bring back P (2), swing (12)

Kitchen Stomp (Becky Hill)
--------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N bal & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) W ch, end in ring of 4
..   \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl to rt
B2.  \( 8) Bal ring, Petronella twirl
..   \( 8) Star lf
==== ===== ===

Hull's Victory (Trad.)
----------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) 1s almd rt ½, bal wave across
..   \( 8) N almd lf 2×
A2.  \( 8) 1s almd rt 1×, bal same wave
..   \( 8) 1s sw
B1.  \(16) 1s down center, turn as cpls, ret, cast off
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf through, over and back
==== ===== ===

There is no way to peace, peace is the way (Erik Hoffman)
---------------------------------------------------------

Becket

==== ==== ===
A1.  \(8) W dsd
..   \(8) P sw
A2.  \(8) M almd lf 1½
..   \(8) N sw
B1.  \(8) Long lines fwd & bk
..   \(8) W almd rt 1½
B2.  \(8) W pick up P, star promenade ¾
..   \(8) Approaching (new) M take lf hands, star promenade ¾,
          butterfly whirl
==== ==== ===

(break)
-------

The second time around (Jim Kitch)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \(16) N gypsy & sw
A2.  \( 8) M almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) ½ hey
B1.  \(16) P gyspy & sw
B2.  \( 8) Long lines
..   \( 8) Cir lf ¾, pass thru
==== ===== ===

Chorus Jig (Trad)
-----------------

Proper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) 1s down outside, turn alone, return, step between 2s
A2.  \(16) 1s down center, turn alone, return, cast off around 2s
B1.  \(16) 1s turn contra corners
B2.  \(16) 1s bal & sw in center, end facing down
..   \( 8) W ch
==== ===== ====

Pedal Pushers (Bob Dalsemer, 1989)
----------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) M almd lf 1 1/2
..   \( 8) M pick up P, star promenade across, butterfly whirl
A2.  \( 8) W gypsy
..   \( 8) P sw
B1.  \( 8) Bal ring, pass thru across
..   \( 8) All turn rt, single-file promenade around ring 3/4
B2.  \(16) N bal & sw
==== ===== ===

Delphiniums & Daisies (Tanya Rotenberg)
---------------------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 8) N almd lf 1½
..   \( 8) W ch
A2.  \(16) Hey
B1.  \(16) P bal & sw
B2.  \( 8) Cir lf ¾
..   \( 8) N almd rt 1½
==== ===== ===

Note that the original dance has only the swing in B1; no balance.
