
Beaux of Oak Hill (Trad)
------------------------

Improper

==== ===== ====
A1.  \(16) N sashay down and back
A2.  \(16) N bal & sw, end facing across
B1.  \(16) W ch over and bk
B2.  \( 8) P promenade across
..   \( 8) Rt & lf thru
==== ===== ====

Petronella (Traditional) [Retrospective]
----------------------------------------

Proper

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing up, W1 end facing dn,
           while 2s slide up to orig 1s position
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
..   \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt, end facing P
           with back to opposite-gender N
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
A2.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing dn, W1 end facing up
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
..   \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt, end facing P
           with back to same-gender N
..   \( 4) 1s bal P
B1.  \(16) 1s dn center, turn alone, ret, 
           cast off w/ same-gender N
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

I called this dance as a "retrospective", teaching and calling it
as above for the first 4 times through, and then the band stopped
playing and we brought the dance into the 1960s (the "citronella"
variant, where everybody gets to twirl):

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s spin clockwise to rt into center,
           M1 end facing up, W1 end facing dn,
           while 2s slide up to orig 1s position
..   \( 4) Everybody take hands in a diamond, bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
A2.  \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to rt
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal diamond
B1.  \(16) 2s spin one place to rt (back home), while
           1s dn center, turn alone, ret, cast off w/ same-gender N
B2.  \(16) Rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Notice the slight awkwardness of the 2s having to get out of the way.
After 6 more times through the dance the band changed to the tune *Green
Mountain Petronella*, and I called the more modern version:

==== ===== ===
A1.  \( 4) 1s face dn, 2s face up, bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
A2.  \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
..   \( 4) Everybody bal ring
..   \( 4) Everybody spin clockwise one place to right
==== ===== ===

Money Musk (Traditional, 24-bar version)
----------------------------------------

Proper triple minor

==== ===== ===
A.   \( 8) 1s almd rt 1½
..   \( 4) 1s dn outside below 1 to
           center of lines of 3 on sides
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
B.   \( 8) 1s almd rt ¾ to lines of 3 across
..   \( 4) Lines bal fwd & bk
..   \( 4) 1s almd rt ¾ to proper lines on sides
C.   \(16) 1s & 2s rt & lf thru (over and back)
==== ===== ===

Note that the A takes a lot longer to get to the fwd & bk than the dancers
expect. The same is true of the B almd, but that one's not as much
a problem. In both cases, careful calling can fix the timing.

